Hello and welcome back.
And today we're going to talk about the take profit but before we continue I'd like to ask you to please
the review for this course.
It's very simple to leave a review if you're on the main page of the course so you have to do is click
this link up at the top of the star which says write a review and then select the number of stars you
think the course deserves and maybe write a short message with some feedback for me.
I know we're not finished with the Course yet but I would really appreciate if you could leave a review
based on the materials you have already seen it would assist other students who have not yet signed
up for the course in understanding whether the Course is worth their while or not.
And also to really help me out and I would really appreciate it.
So if you could do that for me that would be just fantastic.
And now let's move on with our course so take profit.
Let's imagine that we have some sort of market movement which is illustrated by this line chart on the
left.
And also let's assume that your analysis at this point in time suggests that we should enter into a
byword and that's exactly what we do.
Will a take profit is an additional order which you can make part of your buy or so basically you can
make this alteration to your buy order specifying that if the price ever reaches a certain level then
you want your buy in order to automatically be closed.
So you can always close any order manually with just by clicking on it and telling us trading terminal
to close order.
But in this case you are embedding a condition in your buy order which is called the take profit and
this condition will check whether or not the price is at or above a certain level which is Mark here
with the red line.
And as soon as the prices at that level are above it then the order will be automatically closed.
So let's have a look at an example.
Let's assume the market kept moving from where we entered.
Went up there with a bit down and then shot up straight through the take profit level.
The Green Cross here marks where the order would have been closed.
So you wouldn't have to do anything at all.
It would happen automatically and therefore you would earn a profit from this order closing and that's
why this is called the take profit.
Now for a sell order we have a similar situation.
Let's assume this is the market line chart and then our analysis tells us to enter into sell order which
we successfully do.
Well we can also embed a take profit in the sell order as you would imagine the take profit for a sell
order has to be below the entry point because we will earn profit if the market goes down.
We're taking a short position in the market.
So let's see what happens next.
The market goes against us for a bit then goes in our favor and kind of flattens out a bit and then
it goes straight through take profit.
And that's where our gets closed and we earn profit on the forex market.
That's why it's also called the take profit status or take profit.
Don't forget to leave review for this course if you haven't yet.
And until next time happy trading